- [Instructor] We're going to start walking through
manipulating binary objects in Python.
It is important to note that as we get deeper in the SDK,
there are multiple ways to do functions,
and many more operations than we're going to even look at.
I'm providing a snapshot of the SDK.
The documentation, however, provides a complete picture.
So let's jump back into our Python file,
and we're going to create a few functions here real quick.
The first one that we're going to create
is upload file.
This will allow us to do an upload.
We're going to need the bucket, the directory,
a file, our S3 resource, and then I'm going to pass in
an S3 path with a default value of none.
This way, if we ever want to,
we can change the name of the file once we do the upload.
First thing that we need to do is create a file path,
and that's going to be hooked to our directory,
plus a slash,
plus our file.
We need to do a remote path,
and that's going to be equal to the S3 path
that comes in from the method signature.
If, on the remote path, is none,
we're going to set the remote path equal to the file.
And that way, we'll just use the same name
if we don't provide a remote path.
Now, we're going to do a try.
And in here, we're going to call it S3 bucket operation,
and we'll pass it in the bucket.
And that's where it's going to get the file from.
The remote path will be the key that it will use,
and then, we will do our except logic once again.
I'm going to copy that block into my clipboard
so I can just use that a few more times here.
Now, we'll create a method to download a file.
We're going to need a bucket, of course.
We're going to need a directory that we want to put the file in.
We will need a local name for the file.
We will need the key name of the remote file,
and then our S3 resource.
So once again, we'll build a file path,
and this equals our directory,
plus a slash,
plus local name, then we're going to do a try.
Once again, we will do a bucket operation.
And we're going to call it download file.
We'll pass it to key name.
This is the file we want to download,
and file path, which is where we want
the system to put that file.
And then, I will paste in that except.
And then, we've got one more method that I want to do,
and that is delete some files.
Now, the SDK allows you to delete multiple files at once
in order to save yourself the effort of going through
and deleting them one by one, which is really nice.
But to do that, we need to build a list of objects.
So our objects list, and that will take four key in key,
so we're going to pass in keys,
and we're going to build a dictionary.
So we're going to pend our objects,
and we're going to pend it with a dictionary
that has a key of key.
And then, the value in our case will also be key.
Now, we can do our try, and we're going to do S3 bucket
dot delete objects.
And we're going to call delete parameter on that.
We need to pass this a dictionary of its own,
and the dictionary has a key of objects.
And for the value, we will use our objects list
that we created.
And once again, I will pass in the except block.
Now, let's jump back here into our main.
We'll delete the create bucket from last time.
First thing that I want to do is,
I want to upload some files, and we're going to upload
from our local directory, all of the files.
I will copy that,
and paste it, and just modify these values.
So now, we've uploaded the files.
Now, we will download a file
from our primary bucket name,
and we're going to put it into our download directory.
We will do the F3 file.
We will name it the same,
and we'll pass our S3 resource.
And finally, I want to delete the files.
And we're going to delete the files from the primary bucket.
We will pass it a list
of F1, F2,
F3.
And we will pass it the S3 resource.
So before we keep going too much,
let's kind of check everything out.
So I have the bucket loaded.
If I refresh it, you'll see that there's no files in there.
If I come back up, I only have that one bucket.
Let's jump in the terminal.
And in the directory that we're going to get our files from,
you'll see I've got three files.
And if I do an LS
along our S3 alt bucket,
all right, so the first thing let's do,
you'll see we have three files in our local S3 directory.
And then, let's do an LS on our S3 alt directory.
And you'll see, we have no files there.
So everything's good to go.
So if we do this correctly,
we're going to upload three files.
We'll download one of them into the alt directory,
and then we're going to delete everything from AWS.
So let's run our program.
It completed with exit code zero, which is what we want.
We'll come back out here to S3.
You'll see we've got our one bucket.
And there's no files in that bucket.
Go back to our terminal.
Do an LS in our local directory.
You'll see we have three files there.
But now if we do an LS on the S3, oh, we have one file,
and it's our LIL3 file.
So what happened was, we uploaded all three of them,
we downloaded one, and then we deleted all three.
And that's the basics of how you work
with files using the SDK.